**Is there an error? Something missing? Funky grammar? Do not hesitate to leave a comment.**

## APL expressions

* **`ap_check.<allowed overcap = 0>`** Returns false if the action Astral Power + (if enabled) Nature's Balance passive Astral Power over execute time + (if enabled) Shooting Stars 1 proc Astral Power is higher than the maximum Astral Power + allowed overcap (optional). True otherwise.

* **`<action>.ap_check.<allowed overcap = 0>`** Same as above with the distinction that the action is specified.

## Options
* **druid.catweave_bear** (default: 0) Set to utilize the catweaving APL for Guardian Druids.

* **druid.owlweave_bear** (default: 0) Set to utilize the owlweaving APL for Guardian Druids.

* **druid.owlweave_cat** (default: 0) Set to utilize the owlweaving APL for Feral Druids.

* **druid.no_cds** (default: 0) Set to prevent the APL from casting major offensive cooldowns. *Currently only supported for Balance Druid.*

* **druid.affinity_resources** (default: false) When set true, enables resources used specifically by your affinity talent, such as Energy with Feral Affinity.

* **druid.kindred_spirits_partner_dps** (default: 1.0) Applies the multiplier to your own damage when determining how much damage your bonded partner does when you bond to a DPS partner with Kindred Spirits. For example, setting the value to 2.0 will mean that you are bonding to someone who does twice as much damage as you.

* **druid.kindred_spirits_hide_partner** (default: 0) When set to 1, will not count the damage gained by the bonded partner.

* **druid.kindred_spirits_absorbed** (default: 0.2) Sets percent of pool used up as absorbs by taking damage.

* **druid.kindred_affinity_covenant** (default: `night_fae`) Sets the covenant of your bonded partner when using the Kindred Affinity Kyrian legendary. You may also use the name of the corresponding stat granted. Valid values are: `kyrian` `necrolord` `night_fae` `venthyr` `mastery` `versatility` `haste` `crit`

* **druid.lone_empowerment** (default: 0) When set to 1, will treat Kindred Spirits as bonding with nobody and using the Lone Empowerment buff. Only supported for Balance & Feral.

* **druid.convoke_the_spirits_deck** (default: 5) The number of cards in the deck used to determine if Convoke the Spirits has a chance to cast an exceptional spell when **not** using the Celestial Spirits Night Fae legendary. (Moonkin: Full Moon, Cat: Feral Frenzy, Bear: Pulverize, Caster: Flourish).

* **druid.adaptive_swarm_jump_distance** (default: 5.0) The distance Adaptive Swarm travels after jumping away from the initial target.

* **druid.initial_astral_power** (default: 0) Set the amount of astral power at start of combat. APLs are limited to a single pre-cast spell, thus the normal precasting of 2x solar wrath is simulated by the default setting of 8 + single pre-cast solar wrath. When having talented Nature's Balance this is set to 58 to account for the increased starting astral power.

* **druid.initial_moon_stage** (default: 0) Set the starting state of the New Moon talent. 0: New Moon, 1: Half Moon, 2: Full Moon

* **druid.predator_rppm_rate** (default: 0.0) Set the RPPM rate for triggering the Predator talent. This is used as an approximation to simulate how Predator works in-game.

* **druid.initial_pulsar_value** (default: 0.0) Set the initial value of the Primordial Arcanic Pulsar legendary.

## Buffs
> Regular buffs for this class are not mentioned here, you just have to follow the standard [names formatting rules](TextualConfigurationInterface#Names_formatting.md). Also, don't forget that set bonuses are added as buffs to a character. Buffs can be used in conditional expressions for actions, see [ActionLists#Buffs\_and\_debuffs](ActionLists#Buffs_and_debuffs).

  * bear\_form, cat\_form, moonkin\_form: forms

# Reports
We only document here non-obvious entries.

## Resource gains
  * energy\_refund: the energy refunded by your misses.
  * incoming\_damage: rage generated by incoming damages.

## Procs
  * combo\_points\_wasted: combo points wasted because you were already capped.

## Uptimes
  * energy\_cap: fraction of the fight spent with a full energy bar.
  * rage\_cap: fraction of the fight spent with a full rage bar.